Intercom: creating anonymousId as secondary userId as per user's choice (#314)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/business-messaging/intercom.mdx

- Give a name to the destination, and click on **Next**. You should then see the following screen:

> <img src="../../assets/Intercom-v2.png" /><span class="imageTitle">Connection screen for Intercom</span>

Reviewer: Why are we not overriding the existing image?

Reviewer 2: Updated the latest image as shared by @shrouti1507

Enter the relevant keys in the fields above by obtaining them from the following locations:

- **API Key**: This is required for all the S2S \(Server to Server\) events. This can be obtained by going to Intercom **Settings** - **Developers** - **Developer Hub** - &lt;Your App&gt; - **Configure** - **Authentication**.
- **App ID**: This is required for sending events via `rudderanalytics.js` and mobile SDKs. You can get it from Intercom **Settings** - **Installation** - &lt;the desired platform&gt; Alternatively, you can follow the instructions listed [here](https://www.intercom.com/help/en/articles/3539-where-can-i-find-my-workspace-id-app-id).
- **Android API Key & iOS API Key**: This is required for sending events from your mobile apps to Intercom. You can get it from Intercom **Settings** - **Installation** - &lt;the desired platform&gt;

> - **Send AnonymousId as Secondary UserId**: This is required for sending the anonymousId as userId to Intercom, when the userId is absent from input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Send AnonymousId as Secondary UserId**: This is required for sending the `anonymousId` as user ID to Intercom when the `userId` is absent from the input payload.
```

> - **Send AnonymousId as Secondary UserId**: This is required for sending the anonymousId as userId to Intercom, when the userId is absent from input.

Reviewer: Also, add "This is needed for tracking anonymous users of your site." at the end.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @shrouti1507 for taking care of this :)

You can obtain the Intercom API key by logging into Intercom and navigating to **Settings** - **Developers** - **Developer Hub** - **&lt;Your App&gt;** - **Configure** - **Authentication**. Please check the Getting Started section above for details.

### What happens when both userId or email is missing?

> For both identity and track calls userId or email is a mandatory field. In case they are missing, RudderStack will drop the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both identity and track calls, either `userId` or `email` is mandatory. In case they are missing, RudderStack will drop the event.
```
Also, add a reference for the above newly added parameter here as an extension.

Reviewer 2: Reference to the connection settings section has been added.

You can obtain the Intercom API key by logging into Intercom and navigating to **Settings** - **Developers** - **Developer Hub** - **&lt;Your App&gt;** - **Configure** - **Authentication**. Please check the Getting Started section above for details.

### What happens when both userId or email is missing?

> ### What happens when both userId or email is missing?

Reviewer: Repeated twice

Reviewer 2: this is fixed.
